feat: [M3-6785] - Firewall-NodeBalancer → Dev (#9760)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-9926-upcoming-features-1700672014523.md

---
"@linode/manager": Upcoming Features
---

> Firewall NodeBalancer links not working ([#9926](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/9926))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added Firewall documentation links in the Create flows for Linodes, NodeBalancers, and Firewalls and in the Add NodeBalancer to Firewall drawer ([#9926](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/9926))
```
